When Alexander Bell invented the telephone he had 3 missed calls from Chuck Norris
Fear of spiders is aracnaphobia, fear of tight spaces is chlaustraphobia, fear of Chuck Norris is called Logic
There used to be a street named after Chuck Norris, but it was changed because nobody crosses Chuck Norris and lives.
Chuck Norris died 20 years ago, Death just hasn't built up the courage to tell him yet.
Chuck Norris has a grizzly bear carpet in his room. The bear isn't dead it is just afriad to move.
If you rate this 5 roundhouse kicks, then Chuck Norris WILL roundhouse kick Justin Bieber's ass.
Chuck Norris has already been to Mars; that's why there are no signs of life.
Chuck Norris doesn't call the wrong number. You answer the wrong phone.
Some magicans can walk on water, Chuck Norris can swim through land.
Chuck Norris and Superman once fought each other on a bet. The loser had to start wearing his underwear on the outside of his pants.
Chuck Norris once urinated in a semi truck's gas tank as a joke....that truck is now known as Optimus Prime.
Chuck Norris can cut through a hot knife with butter
Chuck Norris doesn't flush the toilet, he scares the sh*t out of it
Chuck Norris counted to infinity - twice.
Chuck Norris is the reason why Waldo is hiding.
Death once had a near-Chuck Norris experience
When the Boogeyman goes to sleep every night, he checks his closet for Chuck Norris.
Chuck Norris can slam a revolving door.
Chuck Norris once kicked a horse in the chin. Its decendants are known today as Giraffes.
Chuck Norris will never have a heart attack. His heart isn't nearly foolish enough to attack him.
Chuck Norris can win a game of Connect Four in only three moves.
Chuck Norris once got bit by a rattle snake........ After three days of pain and agony ..................the rattle snake died
Chuck Norris can light a fire by rubbing two ice-cubes together.
When Chuck Norris does a pushup, he isn't lifting himself up, he's pushing the Earth down.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of animals Chuck Norris allows to live.
Chuck Norris doesn’t wear a watch. HE decides what time it is.
The original title for Alien vs. Predator was Alien and Predator vs Chuck Norris.
The film was cancelled shortly after going into preproduction. No one would pay nine dollars to see a movie fourteen seconds long.
Chuck Norris doesn't read books. He stares them down until he gets the information he wants.
Chuck Norris special orders his pencils without erasers because Chuck Norris doesn't make mistakes.
When Chuck Norris is about to cross the street, the light changes from DON'T WALK to TAKE YOUR TIME...
Chuck Norris made a Happy Meal cry.
Chuck Norris' hand is the only hand that can beat a Royal Flush.
Outer space exists because it's afraid to be on the same planet with Chuck Norris.
There is no theory of evolution. Just a list of creatures Chuck Norris has allowed to live.
If you spell Chuck Norris in Scrabble, you win. Forever.
Chuck Norris destroyed the periodic table, because Chuck Norris only recognizes the element of surprise.
Chuck Norris was once struck by lightning...Thats why lightning never strikes the same place twice...because Chuck Norris is looking for it...
Some people wear Superman pajamas. Superman wears Chuck Norris pajamas.
They once made a Chuck Norris toilet paper, but there was a problem: It wouldn't take shit from anybody.
Chuck Norris does not sleep. He waits.
Chuck Norris can speak Brail, and hear Sign Language.
Chuck Norris can kill two stones with one bird.
When the president pushes the big red button Chuck Norris's cell phone rings
Chuck Norris was supposed to star in the tv show 'Man vs Wild', but the network did not want kids thinking 'lava is safe to eat'.
Chuck Norris once ate an entire bottle of sleeping pills. They made him blink.
Chuck Norris never wet his bed as a child. The bed wet itself out of fear.
Chuck Norris can divide by zero.
The quickest way to a man's heart is with Chuck Norris' fist.
Chuck Norris can squeeze apple juice out of a banana.
Chuck Norris is the only man to ever defeat a brick wall in a game of tennis.
